# TV Script Generation

In this project, I generate my own Seinfeld TV scripts using a recurrent neural network (RNN). The dataset used to train the network consists of scripts from 9 Seinfeld seasons. After training on the dataset, the RNN can create a new, "fake" TV script.

## Generated scripts

Some scripts generated by my RNN

### Script 1

>kramer: jerry.(george enters)
>
>george: so you know, i think you have a lot of money.
>
>kramer:(looking in the bathroom) no no no no i want it. i don't understand it.
>
>george: you know, i don't even know. i think it's a big problem.(to the woman) hey, i gotta go to the bathroom.
>
>kramer: so what is that?
>
>jerry: i don't know what it was. i can't believe i was gonna get some more of it.
>
>jerry: you know, the one that was a little bit in the mood that he had to do it again. he said he had an extra place on her way, the other day, and we were in it.
>
>jerry: i don't know what you got to do for you.
>
>newman: all right. i'm going to have to get the new job.
>
>elaine: hey! what's with the car?
>
>jerry: the big deal is the same thing.
>
>kramer: well, you know, i can't have that one!
>
>jerry: so, what's it going on?
>
>george: i don't know. i can't have a good question....(to jerry) i was going to go down the bathroom on the other hand.
>
>jerry: oh, i don't think that.
>
>kramer: what are you doing?
>
>elaine: oh, yeah! well, i know, what do you think?
>
>frank: you gotta get that picture off.
>
>morty: what do you mean?
>
>jerry: you know the guy was in the bathroom, the same thing you were talking about the whole thing.
>
>jerry:(still pulling in a bag) yeah.
>
>george: well, you know, if i have any other time, we don't even know what you have to do.
>
>jerry: why don't you go in the building?
>
>kramer: well, i don't care, and you have to take her out

### Script 2

>kramer: listen jerry, i'm sorry. i just don't know what it is.
>
>jerry: what?
>
>george: you don't know? how could i go out with her?
>
>jerry: no.
>
>helen: what are you doing?
>
>jerry: what about that?
>
>george:(to the phone) hey. i don't know what you're saying.
>
>jerry: i don't think so.
>
>george: yeah...
>
>jerry: oh, that's right.
>
>george: yeah, right. i was wondering if you could do your own business. it's not that.
>
>jerry: i don't have you.
>
>kramer: no, no, don't you?... no, i want you to be there and i can have the car.
>
>george: oh, oh, i can't believe this isn't a good time.
>
>jerry: what is this?
>
>george:(to the man) oh, i gotta go!
>
>jerry: i got a lot of people in the car.
>
>kramer: yeah.
>
>jerry: hey.
>
>kramer: yeah, you got it, i just want to be a good one.
>
>kramer: yeah, yeah.(she looks at her watch) oh, you know, you got my keys, you were right on the top.
>
>kramer:(to kramer) hey!
>
>kramer: hey, hey jerry.
>
>elaine:(to kramer) hey you guys, what are you doing here?
>
>kramer: i didn't know i said" hello"
>
>jerry:"(to kramer) so, what do you have to say?
>
>jerry: i can't.
>
>george: i just think i'm gonna go to the bathroom and get the rest of my life. i have to do this.
>
>jerry: what are you talking about?
>
>george: why did you get that?
>
>jerry: well, it's like an accident.
>
>jerry: what did you say?
>
>george:(laughing) you got that

### Script 3

> kramer: what's the matter?
> 
> kramer: oh, i don't know.
> 
> jerry: well i don't have a job.
> 
> kramer: oh, no! that's not a great idea! you know that you are going to be a clown?
> 
> jerry: you can have a big deal, but i'm not gonna tell you how about it, it's just you know what you need, it's like you can get a job.
> 
> morty: well, i just got the car, i just wanted to see him on the other way.(to jerry) hey, hey, what do you know if i can get you something?
> 
> george:(to george) what was that?
> 
> george: i got an idea of a little unusual. i don't know what you want to tell.
> 
> george:(to george) i told you, you know, i can't have it. i'm a guy.
> 
> george: well, it was an idea.
> 
> jerry: why not?
> 
> kramer: well...
> 
> jerry: i thought we were in the building.
> 
> george:(laughing) yeah, yeah, well, i'm not getting married.
> 
> jerry: yeah, well, i guess i was going to see him.(george enters.)
> 
> kramer:(to elaine) uh, well i'm just not going to talk to you.
> 
> elaine: i don't know. what do you want? what do you think of a lot like that?
> 
> elaine: i didn't know you was gonna be able to do it in this place.(to jerry) i know... what do i mean? what is it all right?
> 
> george: yeah.
> 
> jerry: what are you saying?
> 
> elaine: because, if it was a kid, it was a good idea, i have to go to your apartment and i have to see that i have, i don't know.
> 
> kramer: yeah.(to george) well, i'm not gonna talk to him.

